No, Miss's efforts were excellent
Video of the game in your east camp
It was spread to major casinos and the Internet
But got a lot of help
It turns out that the video of me and Dongying playing
You really put it online?
Why would you do that?
What else can I do for
Of course it's for the money
The largest source of income for Dongying organizations
Just very gambling
As long as you provide the audience with a good time
A fun game
They will willingly put the money
Delivered to you
This is my black-hearted money.
Don't you feel uneasy about your conscience?
Do you know how many people have died in this kind of gambling?
What does their life have to do with me?
I just want money
Say
Are those who gamble for granted?
Don't they want to get rich overnight?
I thought revenge
It was a calculation
Do not say
What do you do?
What should I do?
I've hurt so many people
Miss Mu, your martial arts skills are so superb
Why don't you join our Dongying organization?
How about sharing this glory with us?
Who the hell are you?
You don't need to know this.
It's You